

I wish my mom would just let me get a job


@username @username I don't have one ..


People say that only faithful girls will get super jealous but I personally think jealousy is an issue of self confidence not loyalty...


@username I'm saying though that people thinks if you don't get jealous all the time the girl isn't loyal


@username exactly you don't need to be a psycho bitch to show you care about someone


@username ???????????? I already know


My hands are so ugly with short nails ???? fml


How do people live without nails.. This feel so gross


I can literally feel everything on my finger tips and it's feels horrible


@username what


@username wow I just finished 4 hours of hw too


I love my friends so much ????


@username I'm sorry ???? but thank you


People are so annoying


It blows my mind that my nail broke from closing my window but here I am physically having the hardest time cutting the rest


Killing who ever took my matte clear coat


Currently learning how to live life with short nails


@username OMG I know right


LRT is the story of my life


Eating cheese and crying what has my life even come to I hate cheese


Idk why I decided to start watching a movie rn


But whatever brad Pitt is sexy af


“@username: “@username: But whatever nati is sexy af” ayeee”????


If I'm in the middle of saving all of humanity I would be so pissed that the way I died is by slipping and accidentally shooting myself


I want hashbrowns


When does McDonald's stop serving breakfast today


@username I leave school at 10:45


I'm going to fuck someone up at Taco Bell they fuck my food up every time


It is so frustrating when no one understands


I love Ronnie's snapchat stories


I'm still having such a hard time typing ????


I love how even though I don't fuck with anyone there's always people willing to do things for me I appreciate it ????


I just want my hair done :(


@username r u being white


Too tired????


@username why is that the size of you


@username I'm on baes side


Laura's gonna hold this picture of Brandon against him for the rest of his life


When r people in school gonna get it through their heads that I'm nobodies girl


@username it doesn't work for all schools????


@username tf I already tried lmao


@username I swear it didn't work a few weeks ago but thank god it does now????


I just want new shoes a new bag my hair done and this iPhone 6 and I'm soooooo impatient


@username I'll do it if it's a boy


@username I said I would do it


@username CHRISTINA ILL BE THE FLOWER GIRL IF YOUR BABY IS A BOY


Seriously why is my shit always disappearing


Like who tf took my flash drive out of my Xbox


I don't understand girls who beg for attention from guys. Why is that necessary just stfu and sit down


I can't sleep ???? and no ones up


With beb http://t.co/g7gUpIGaB4


Pretty sure oomf is covering up the fact that she's still hurt af


Literally no one cares


Love that I can pull off both light and dark hair


Jon calling me puta is so cute????


This shit head is playing country I'm going to KMS


When's my phone gonna update????


Why am I still not getting this update ????


Do you need wifi for this update?


Do you guys realize that you can simply delete apps like twitter and just download them again after the update..


There's so many ways to save storage but you guys are gay and like keeping 200 unread messages to look cool ????


Do you see this fuckery http://t.co/FYpyxyjT8j


I ask what am I good at and all my friends can say is "being a bitch" or "doing nails"????


I never understood how adults barely had friends but now I do


Bitches are always gonna hate you when their bf is the one up your ass


Having short nails is making my life miserable


Annoyed bc verizon has shitty wifi and I haven't been able to update my phone all day


Beyonce's 4 album is my fav


So sad you're hurt boohoo oh, did you expect me to care?


“@username: Hard nipples ???????? #DollaMakeMeHolla http://t.co/BAWkambakl” ily a lot


I'm so emotionally exhausted


I will never understand the logic in "dressing up" and wearing a simple outfit with no make up or accessories or hair done


“@username: @username OF COURSE SOMETIMES SHIT GO DOWN WHEN THERES A BILLION DOLLARS ON THE ELEVATOR” my shit????


@username you can say what you want I'm the shit????


I give up I'm just gonna wait for my iPhone 6


@username why


@username someone's gonna die soon nati no time to knock in wood


Guys when you have a dream that your teeth are falling out it means someone's gonna die I'm not joking


@username @username ok well when someone dies don't be shocked


@username I was kidding anyway I know it's gonna be someone in my family you wouldn't possibly know lol


I just want to nap I've had a headache all day


The shovel girls gonna be on dr Phil ????


@username I don't have it either


So frickin tired and can't sleep


Bitches get so conceited with tiniest amount of male attention


I need shoes ????


“@username: Lightskin ass http://t.co/XUcMIjtWhF” suck my ass


Perry hall isnt ghetto, Overlea is...


Immature guys is probably the most tiring thing ever and the fact that they're all immature at this age is exhausting


Why is no one up


I don't want to be awake right now ????


“@username: im so ready to be done with high school”seriously ????


Hate when I forget what I'm gonna do


Do your eyes ever water when you take that morning pee


@username @username @username this page is cadens Bible


“@username: watching the fault in our stars ????” wtf I wanna see


@username wtf ????


Brad Pitt in 12 years a slave ????


Hate it so much when my dreams feel so real


@username you have to go in settings and add the keyboard and delete your normal ones
