

Seeing some people giving highest importance to 'Love', I really feel surprised. Love is the last thing in my... http://t.co/keblkQgA


All girls are same. They try so much to show off that they care that at the end of the day it is more a pain than anything else.


Just heard a superhit song "I want to hit somebody". What lyrics! Even better than Zandu balm. Thanks to the autowala.


I wish everybody have more reasons to live... I have mine.


All right... for a change let's exchange some gyan. what is meant by "Boga"???


2nd day of 5day rest... gt time to understand the capabilities of my mobile (after 6 months of buying). Nice to... http://t.co/FQw0Osfw


A friendly suggestion to a friend: Please check what you are posting. Or people will have wrong interpretation.


Completely unfair... SRK in KBC and MSD in Mohali at a crucial point... Both should take place seperately. I... http://t.co/GjgYWHNQ


Well... that is it. I declare end of this war. I just couldn't figure out who are my frnds and who are nt.... http://t.co/QdnVf0B8


As I declared the end of war more attack statrted coming. I am not weak. So be careful. And she said of love everyday...


Hillarious.... good bye. FB. that's it. I guess no more misunderstandings.


I am sorry if my posts hv hurt anyone. I seriously didnt post anythin against anyone(except 1) on purpose.


I personally apologise to two guys (they'll knw). You were never my targets.


Life has become so complicated... I wish I could get my smile back. Dont remember last time...


@username thanks dear.


Getting lost alone in the crowd... Uff... I am tired of myself...


Just as long as you stay stand by me...


Today is 1-11-11. Waiting for 11-11-11.


Never tell your problems to anyone... 20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them....


Difference between "mutual friend" and "common friend" anyone? watch out facebook...


Strike while the iron is hot...


RT @username Bhupen Hazarika's condition worsens: He has been put on dialysis as both kidney's have failed.


Live I-league!!! Like it.


You are most dangerous when you don't have any goal... for the first time I'm afraid of me...


All is such bullshit... this is simply so wrong.


If I am all alone I am lucky. I don't have anyone to die for.


Baby, baby, baby, ohhhh.. Like baby, baby, baby, noooo.... Like baby, baby, baby, ohhhhh.... I thought you'd always be mine


It takes a minute to have a crush on someone, An hour to like someone, And a day to love someone... but it takes... http://t.co/bKLRVFwJ


The person who said: All is fair in love and war, Obviously wasn't the person being hurt!


RT @username: Sachin Tendulkar completes 15,000 Test runs #IBNLiveforiPad


:) :D :P :o :( :'( ..... and I thot it is my past????


There must be an end... and perhaps this is it.


18-1 good score... where does it end?


Had an "extensive" shopping with a very special person. 6hours... gt enuf of XP to upgrade to xp>vista>7.


I dont say sorry if i dont mean it.


On a shopping spree... 3days in a row... now my leg is hurting. Gathered XP btw.


Rescheduling life. well in a way...


hv come to see ROCKSTAR. hope it turns out good. otherwise someone s going to blame me fr it.


Disappointed. evn d best Ranbir so far and rocking ARR failed to lift d movie which cud hv been far better.


Nargis was d weakest point. hope Imtiaz does nt go out of heroines so soon.


Enjoying a movie also depends on the surroundings. today it was the worst.


Love is a lost art. so true.


Morale of today. Look before you watch. :P


forget movies. somebody is feeling like Gopal Misra. best wishes.


Happy children's day. dont let the child within you die... stop war. make love.


It's getting hot!! fr those missed out gopal misra, he is d protagonist of revolution 2020!


mask is more for protection than aggression... Dont push me to be aggresive. cuz.. i'm good at dat as well.


I am tired. People must knw wht they say.


RT @username Ind-WI, 2nd Test: Rahul Dravid scores his 36th Test century #IBNLiveforiPad


On a lighter mood... what should be the ringtone when your loved one calls? My fav is "Ye Tumhari Meri Baatein" from "Rock On"..


Wish I had enuf money (frm corruption ofcrs). I ud hv opened a engg college by now. any sponsors?


If you hv money. no1 can touch you. cheer to corruption.


When night has come, And land is dark, And the moon is the only light...


Heard a fish vendor talking to a customer, he was requesting not to use plastic bags.. nt fr his own profit, bt... http://t.co/ceLcMg0a


Tired of hearing good things about me.. plz point out my bad parts as well.. plz comment.


Finally achieving at least a single goal, set long ago by me.. Hope I maintain it properly.


Listening to Desi Boyz. Like them actually for a change..


A simple question I ask my frnds everyday. Today I want to hear that.


This is being rather a long wait...


And thankfully the wait is over.. :)


Finally able to set a goal in life. Now how to get that. Trust me c s a buti.


@username I think u r getting terribly wrong.


Returning to the regular life in few hours. Tired as much as possible. Many wonderful pictures wait to be shared but I cannot anymore.


I posted a new photo to Facebook http://t.co/9YfUABki


Ishrat Jahan encounter was fake: SIT tells Gujarat HC - India News - IBNLive http://t.co/wTIe5oly via @username


A simple question I ask my frnds everyday. Today I want to hear that... (And I post it for the second time. Life is not so simple silly)


A year all set to finish as it started... Well may be both good and bad...


Heart is a pumping machine right? Then why does it pain when one miss someone close?


Don't feel to share anything when I have so much to tell.. Someday I may kill myself if not someone else.


Sheer madness surrounding me. Live and let live, must be the first rule.


R Ashwin, 5wkt and now a century.. atleast now we should for get about bhajji..


It feels weird(good mainly) when someone I dont know(system generated) tells u wht I wanted to hear for so long.


Thanks twitter.


Alert.. Bitten by the 'K'-bug. Liked hearing the song-u song-u. waiting for the original-u. :)


The unmentionable thing is in the air.. not bad really. :)


4hours of sleep for the 5th day.. yaaaaaawn.... Feeling super sleepy.


"hueva.. dis tym don say no"-- A very close person to me. Like it is that easy.


A girl looks best on her marriage day.. true. Best dress, glittering golds.. and a shy smile having the best... http://t.co/GRlzSIc2


Now I know how it feels.. I need to apologize.. but dont know if I'll ever get it..


BTW, it is 22-1..


The last month of the year... Plenty to look back and think...


If your world is ed around a thing or a person, you start making a circle and dont go anywhere.


365th tweet.. not a bad going


Life seldom gives you second chance. So grab it... before you miss it.


Point of no return ahead.. alert.


Taking extra care of myself. Not bad to start late than never. Thanks must go to someone starting with 'P' :)


RT @username: India has many corrupt shops who refuse to give receipts on cash payments. I always insist for it. You also should.


In difficult times thank all of them who make your life miserable. You could not have a better way of making yourself strong.


Again 3:30 AM. Stretched morning. Then workout. Feeling tired.


11121 seconds. well that's pretty much..


RT @username I say it again! I never saw sir viv bat but iv seen sehwag bat! what a player 219 in a one day game is next to impossible!


RT @username Cheers lala congratulations!! @username way to go buddy !


One of the darkest day of my life. A year on.


RT @username Every time I see incidents like #AMRI I'm convinced we really are a 3rd world nation with delusions of greatness.


RT @username Of course the doctors & staff fled, what else would explain the ratio of staff & patient casualties - 70:3 #AMRI.


Leave the past behind and move on for a better future.


Everything is falling apart. All right... Life is not so simple dude.


two strange things I saw today. 1.keeping pen in the sleeve. 2.why wear a watch if it is 15min fast than original time!!


A beautiful song marred by a violent co-passenger. Impossible... why women dont forget that it is not is home.


3 n half hours of sleep. Today it is going to be a hell of a day.
