

I can't very sleep


I be on my own dick, ain't not much room for you.


The struggle of tryna find shit to wear to work <<<


I neeeeeeeeeeed new clothesss man


I'm glad Zumies lets me wear whatever the fuck I want to work.


Got my vans on but they look like sneakers


Since when is there a real life version of the fairly odd parents on Disney channel?


Whose tryna clean my room for me? I'll pay you in gum.


I want some chicken fries.


2% milk!! ???????????? RT“@username: White people be like "I'm not just white, I'm" 22% Irish 18% German 28% Italian 30% French 2% Milk”


Whys it gotta rain while I gotta be at work? ????


Can't wait to get my first paycheck.


When a song comes on, on shuffle I make myself believe it's destiny and that the song was supposed to come on at that given point in time


Or maybe I'm just too high?


Idk but I'm chillin in my car just listening to music cause I don't feel like going inside yet


Windows is foggy


Hate when I accidentally close my music app.


My days get darker so the haze gets sparked up


I forgot I had hot Cheetos hidden in my drawer so I'm bouta head inside lol


I ain't sleepin' so fuck it I'd rather be tweetin'


Eating hot Cheetos at night is a struggle


Like I can't chew loud cause I feel my crunch will wake everyone up


And if they wake up, I'm gonna have to share!


Uh oh. Someone's up


Wanna know what I haven't ate in a while?


Going to work decked out in all zumiez apparel, shit i should just pose as a mannequin.


Switched rooms with my sister cause hers is always cold as fuck. & I like the cold


Ima try and sleep early tonight


Yo I honestly miss that feeling of being in a relationship


Don't ever make decisions when you're bared off Xanax. Woke up in my sisters room, and apparently I asked her last night if we could switch


I just wanna move out of my moms house already man. I'd need at least two roommates who'd be not only down, but reliable.


My sisters nice enough to switch all out shit back and even clean my room while I'm at work. Lol


Off work, wassup for the night?


Fuck it. Im getting a mac.


Think my alphabet soup is trying to send me subliminal messages. ???? http://t.co/jddwzXgEts


Work


Honestly what does that Ice bucket challenge raise awareness for?


All the shit going on in this country, and in the world, and people dumping ice water on themselves to avoid donating to charity.


Idk man I just feel like this generation is fucked.


I've been watching this show called, continuum, and it's a trip. Corporations bail out the government, and they rule the country nowx


Seems like some shit that's going on these days, I wouldn't be surprised if this country ends up like the show


And instead of "anonymous" they got "Liber8"


I'm just tryna stay alive and take care of my people


And they don't have no award for that


Why can't I ever go to sleep early like regular people


I'm up listening to music thinking about how I'm 20 years old, and haven't accomplished anything I've wanted to so far in life ????


Sad truth


Everything will fall into its place given time though


My mustache is getting long haha i haven't shaved it.


I look like this guy ----> ????


My hair be looking funky.


I want some horchata


I wanna act ballerific like it's all terrific. Got a few past due bills i won't get specific.


I got a problem with spending before I get it


We all self conscious I'm just the 2nd to admit it. (Yeezy was first)


???? Add me on snapchat for shit like this. "AaronsRad" http://t.co/bnkh6FJCRc


That beat doe! https://t.co/ICUZ8gXLMD


Nigga I can't wait until I'm able to walk outside and it's cold as fuck


I got work at 5. Ughh


Just the other day my hair was long as fuck, and my face scrubby as hell now I can feel my scalp, and I got that baby face. Oh what a feelin


Need a BP partner to help me run tables at tonight's kickback. Hmu if you're tryna get drunk, and be around good vibes!


For real for real


Like hop into my DMS if you want info, anyone is welcome. Preferably females


I've realized a lot...


Taking a piss to the rhythm of cricket music.


I'm a fool man


School is about to start in two days. What.The.Fuck


I'd make a deal with the devil to have my life straightened out, and my mind clear


Work was a hoe today


When I was 18 and a girl was 2 years younger than me, I'd stay away. Now that 20, it's cool cause she'd be 18. Ain't that some shit


This summer has been so wack that I really see no point in going out tonight but it's the last Saturday of summer so fuck it


I never learn


What's going on tonight?


Sometimes I think, I should've listened to my D.A.R.E. Officer. Fuck


Work was packed as fuck today but nonetheless, pretty chill


All these vma tweets on my TL got me weak lol


I want all the Nike Sb's at Zumiez.


I just want a good girl who will be bad just for me


Beyoncé ain't even all that in my opinion


I can't sleep


She don't believe in shooting stars, but she believe in shoes and cars.


I haven't even printed out my schedule so I have no clue what buildings any of my classes are in


3rd year of college, holy shit feels like just yesterday I was in my 3rd year of high school.


I hope there's a cute ass brunette with dimples in at least one of my classes.


I still gotta go and order my MacBook.


My earliest class is at 9, that's not super early but fuck, I haven't even woke up anytime before 10 this whole summer ????


Excited to start learning about music this semester. Ima be a dope producer one day you can count on that.


I wanna produce music for all the artists in my music library. Shit ain't impossible


So much shit I wanna do in life, music ain't the only thing


My ego as huge as kanyes, but I don't like to talk the talk, unless I know I can back up the walk.


'Cant tell me nothing' one of my favorite Kanye songs. Random fact


Old folks talking bout back in my day. But homie this is my day, class started two hours ago, OH, am I late?


Is anyone else looking at their phones with one eye open right now or just me?


Falling down the same rabbit hole looking for love


Frank ocean is way overdue for a new album man


If your life goals include a picture of Beyoncé, and her family, or of anyone else then you need to reevaluate your goals. Set your own


Taylor swift got negative booty cakes lmao


I'm starting to believe the woman of my dreams will only appear in my dreams


Can't wait for winter!!!!!!!!!!!


HAAAA, my last Retweet is on point
