

Getting up at 5! a rare case for me. and that is also without any reason! Enjoying the morning after a long time.


amar chokhe thont gaale tumi lege achho amar angul haate kandhe tumi lege achho amar deoyal ghorir kantay tumi lege achho.


@username Main hoon naa. don. veer zaara. heyy baby. unreleased don2


listening to the one song repeatedly for almost two hours. like it more I hear it.


enjoyed the journey back from home. thanks to "deoyal ghorir kanta" and one who sent me the song.


Commemorating the day....


"Joy of giving love is more than recieving." really?


There was a time I wished somebody could understand me. But now no one can see beyond my mask .


The call that never came...


When someone talks to you smiling (unnecessarily) use a warning message that you are about to fall in a deep trouble.


I want to break the wall. I want to be free. This is just killing me.


There was a time when I thought myself perfect and did so much wrong. Now I realize how wrong I was. I am sorry........... all of you..


Now it is my turn...


Get ready for destruction...


And this is the over.... and the end is near...


@username good to hear that.


@username who got the lottery?


RT @username: RT @username: Happy Birthday Google. You have helped me look smarter than I am on several occasions.


Good to see smile back on the face of the dear ones.


Can someone plz do the coding for me... I am tired of doing the same thing again and again.


It seems the excitement around 'like' has ceased now. I knew this a long time ago.


A not so great thought of a great person: "After marriage life is going to be completely different adjusting... http://t.co/qdxbx9f1


Well, finally bid good bye to a very close person. Don't know if we will meet again or not. Hope we do. Will miss you.


Am online in Facebook chat... after ages...


In a great mood... code running in the back ground...


All right... it's done.. so it is holidays......


Returning home, tired, late. Worse: train is packed. Worst: clouds in the sky. The best combination for the worst journey back home.


Good morning. Got up early. A special day (not necessarily happy). Got some work to do as well.


Wore my favourite dress. After almost an year. Love everytime wearing dhoti. suits me as well.


So another day passes by. Sometimes love, frnds.. these seems so childish. Better to be single.


The largest festival around this part of the country begins... Sometimes it seems such waste of money. But seeing... http://t.co/gMcE2Z6w


Went to local pandels today... saw 8+2 deities.... ;) liked d plus two. a long days ahead with plan finalised for... http://t.co/Eu1COX1M


Thank you guys... you made my day... Looking forward for more tomorrow...


The best day of the year undoubtably .... Ohhhh... I enjoyed it to the fullest. And Ganguly was the most wonderful... http://t.co/OeRWnXp6


A fresh and good morning... some experiences expected today... cant wait...


Well..... I enjoyed the day at Zoug... I guess spelling is correct. Enjoying the colorful night.


Well that is the end of the day... enuf of pandels and deities... went to some of the most incredible ones. Damn... http://t.co/oAFjSGIH


Reached home... Lying in my bed... sleep is nt far away.


Good morning and suvo maha navami... Today I need a break... Too much hectic 2 days...


All right... sorry about an older post... I actually misspelled it. For the google buddies, now search with the... http://t.co/NvI573Aw


A very sleepy morning and just hours left before I go out for a small trip... feeling to sleep all day...


Yeppi.............. Good old (really??) starting days are back


People think they are so good and perfect. If it was so they did not have so many problems in their lives. P.S. I am not perfect.


Now I am waiting to see a cat fight... In FB. Got trapped in your own trap I guess.


Gold is so easily available this days... Who complained about the price rise?


A thought just before I sign out, I am the dumbest person in the world, and I make the same mistakes over and over again.


@username You dont hv any idea wht I am going through


Moral of the story. If a girl post anything confusing or even a garbage in FB it will get enuf comments so dat you... http://t.co/nWIWx7cj


Waiting for some jokes??? Just view some FB posts... hillarious.


At Chakradharpur. Feeling tired after a long journey. Hope to be a pleasant day today.


A break in the busy life. Strike makes it possible. Loving it. also enjoying doing fb.


Finally free... got rid of it.


@username what u said is nt clear.


Best way to win for RCB. Allow the opposite team 200 runs.


Splendid Hirni... will post photos soon.


End of day and end of Journey what is full of some wonderful views. Cannot post now aas no computer is available.... http://t.co/yaW1HhTf


Had a very loud and provocative alteration with someone I really respect a lot. When shall I be able to control... http://t.co/UK0zfczx


@username I just lost my cool... forget n forgive...


while in roaming... osn is the best way to communicate.


just too much heat taking its toll. feeling exhausted.... still felt good to be back in WB. seems so much at home.


Back home. just enjoying doing nothing.


Monday blues... now I know it. Must recover quickly or hv to see red all day.


Just a simple thought, not necessarily correct, people access online social networks more when they feel alone and sad...


@username the whole thing is that ke bhaiya... I am also using it...


@username I am also using the OSN so much... what do you think the reason is?


@username well... sort of...


@username ha ha... if I dont use OSN, hw ud I knw wht u say..


How to do it??? It's a mystery... and I dont know the solution


All right... I don'r want to know.


All right. I don't want to know.


Not feeling well... A lot left to do as well. huh... I thought I was just ok with what I am now.


In the middle of too much controversy the original reason to create the page got lost. Hopefully we start it from tomorrow.


Good morning guys... feeling better today... Expect some bombardment today...


The best picture taken by me till date... http://t.co/0BjRU0N2


the question is who is the 5th one? tweet people plz ignore it.


New facebook mantra: "The enemy of my enemy is my friend".


Okk... thought of the day... "LOVE" is not saying "I Love You" everyday. Rather it is to mean it...


All right GN folks.. take care... May be I need it most.


Hello and good morning... Heavy head feeling... and not a hangover (I swear I didnt drink). I need some pure rest, I guess.


OK.. start the day with a disputed statement. People say they are modern, but they allow others to be modern only... http://t.co/9FqQv8wj


Sometimes I feel good to be busy, but at the end of the day I really feel very weak.


It feels good when you are surrounded by happy faces. None likes others to cry, I wish all my friends gets happy.


Good morning... The first question remains "What is so god about this morning?".


Feeling so tired mentally and somewhat physically as well that I am not in mood to get into any more trouble... Please leave me alone...


I need a govt job. So no headaches, no burdens, no workload; best part, long idle times...


Copy paste... cholchhe.. cholbe..


feeling weak... n hv to keep going for another hour. plz.... help me.


Feeling better.. Though hv fever. Hv to be fit b4 tomorrow.


Don't hesitate to take the opportunities when you have some. You may not have again when you need them.


Listening to FM after ages (not literally). Good to hear some fav numbers...


Missing a friend very much... somebody inform her...


Seeing a doctor... :( no other option. Have to go to ISI tomorrow at any cost.


Morning guys... not so good for me ofcrs. Good to see some frnds njoyin life finding touchy stories what they want in their lives as well.


interesting. A post here got completely unnoticed whereas when the same posted by a girl in her FB wall got 9... http://t.co/3cPzCd1r


hitting the road again. always liked the journey through national highway at night even it is on 79. chhote log, chhote batein.


Eventually made time to hear my fav singer's song with full concentration and getting the meaning. sheer... http://t.co/Vl8rsGaW


Listening to my two fav singers of Bangla and English. Enjoyed the the journey apart from the pollution saying welcome to Kolkata.


Back to semi normal life. But surely need more rest than anything else.


Really weakened by the virus. cannot sit for long.


How to treat someone who calls you when you are fast asleep with 101 fvr? This is what I could do best.
