

Everyday I come up with a new optimum solution. It proves optimum is only dependent on the time


RT @username: @username Aap KYA LAG RAHE HAIN Don 2 mein .. God bless you! Can't wait to see the film :)


Worst thing about FB and twitter is you can follow someone without actually "follow"(literally)-ing him or her.


Someday we all have to say "good bye". Why on earth we think somebody as my own?


It is always complicated. Just want to live a simple life. Is that wrong?


12789 seconds.. :)


PockeTwit.. nt bad..


Getting mor n mor tech-savy.. someday I'll cease to exist as a human.


Friday the 16th is here... :)


hey.. tum bore to nehi ho rahi na...


Is it necessary to have a last minute glitch?


And here we go...


Enjoying the sun and the sea... :)


Updated location... :)


http://t.co/O01LjQTc loving it


fantastic two days.. :)


Chori chori seenay se saansein, Chori chori le gayi chura ke, Chori chori khwaabon me aake, She got me loosin my mind...


Ready with Don 2, this Saturday, 9am Kulraj Broadway.


17057 seconds!!!!!!! crazy man.


Unfollowing @username . You'll be always the guide of my life how to stay evergreen and young all life.


Why am I tensed??


@username Nariman Irani the producer


Come to "Don 2" Tomorrow from 9:00 am to 12:00 pm. http://t.co/xLJJAI7v


Hectic life.. busy schedule.. :)


The last week of an eventful year. And ending with a twist. A new begining I guess.


That was the biggest mistake of my life. Yes I made mistake and only myself to blame for it.


Each of them was mistake. And I cannot argue about it.


And now the dice is rolling once again. Only someone from future can tell me if I am getting into the same problem once again. I hope not.


My fav Pappa @username has taken Vardhaan to a new height. If Don was grt, Vardhaan was the perfect antagonist.


RT @username: i smell victory. #Aus179/8


All tweples are insomniac. I want to sleep as well.


Hence it is proved Parliament is the process to keep the Democracy out of pollitics. A shame.


The last day. Take the good things and forget the not so good ones. But dont forget your enemies.


A very happy and prosperous new year to all. Welcome 2012


18315 sec. it shud be the limit dude.


Now my most dreaded number is 502, followed by 401 and 400.


RT @username Did beer on the pitch make the ball bounce high? An exposé tonight exclusively on 161 All Out FM


It's still alive, and me too. I just hope to sleep well and keep myself away from all problems.


@username why don't u try? #bleedBlue #fb


RT @username RT @username: RT @username: Block Rushdie. Block Google. Block Facebook. Blockheads


I support #wikipediablackout! Show your support here http://t.co/n012Hx2J


Total confusion....... To do or not to do, and to do what...


Strange to see people react that way. Do they only care when they face trouble themselves?


What do I hate most? Someone lying. Disgusting...


Problems problems everywhere...


Why is my throat dry when my eyes are full of tears?


If twitter was not here, my life ud have atleast one less problem... :)


Tired.. Damn tired... My weekend is being delayed more and more...


When you spend most of the day in office, you will know that you are upto something.


Twitter changes again... not bad though..


Love is a lost art.


So many days with all different names. Does the "Love day" exist? I think that is missing in the merchandising of products.


Late enough for a sleep.. But so many things to do still.. I am enjoying my late nights at office.


5 students now. May be I should be prepared with some proper syllabus now.


Measuring the depth of life...


Feeling the need for a long holiday. But have to listen to him who never stops doing his job.


I think it is high time to forget and forgive.


If you don't trust your lover, you are not confident of yourself.


The more you want to hold onto something, the more you risk loosing it. Love is no exception.


Loosing your cool for nothing is not a good thing.


6th student here with unique problem. May be it is easier said than solved.


Miracles doesn't happen nowadays. We have to make them happen.


For the moment I need a break from my life.


My weakness makes me stronger. That does not mean it goes away.


Meeting old friends always brings back memories... Good ones ofcourse.


Body wins against brain. A rare for me.. Feeling damn tired and need for rest.


Finally got something I have longed for a long time.


Tired of the second best options.


A day when the Guru needs some advice...


RT @username: Bengal beats Mumbai with the leadership of our captain Saurav Gangully and fantastic performance of Laxmi..


Life is full of surprises and we must be ready for them.


Just looking into the comments of friends in a photo after marriage of two of our friends, I am sure it... http://t.co/wWPyIamj


Beauty is just the wrapper, the person inside is the real gift.


A point of no return approaching very soon. Tensed.


It feels bad when I know some bad news about someone but cannot tell him/her. But that hardly is my fault.


Last 9 days. Tensed.


It has always felt better to be reconnected with old friends. Forgetting the past and moving onto the future.


Coming to end of a almost non stop journey from yesterday. and that is in bus. no sleep in last 33 hours. Need some urgently.


A timeless day. 10hrs sleep after 40hrs gap and 14 hrs of journey in the dusty roads in between.


I like to play with fire, but am I old now to stop playing?


It's very very the last the day. Counting the final hours my buoy...


End of a wonderful journey? Well atleast as of now.


If somebody told me this just this sunday morning, I wud have lughed at him. But am I bitten by the bug again? It... http://t.co/k2uS055Z


Why do people think love as reason to live rather than just another part of life?


Can love happen second time?


Dilemma: I never knew the meaning better.


This the cartoon that angered CM http://t.co/iK37riJ5


I just like the special dose of vitamin (only if it is as smooth as today's).


Every morning I lie to me when I get up and it stays with me throughout the day.


The score after a long time: 38-1


A day that may be remembered for years (for good or bad).


Madly or badly, it is always deadly.


Sarat is here. http://t.co/EXa30zEW


Another one. http://t.co/ZC8IF8cp


Feeling lonely after a long time... Maybe I need someone with me when I am happy. Didn't feel so while I was going through a tough time.


Tar gun gun moner gan bristi namay, top top fota pore onekhon. Sei bristi veja more dak diyeche, veja kak hoye thak amar mon


@username if u trust don't be confused.


It is simply 'IMPOSSIBLE'


Darker than the clouds...


"Ctrl" is the 'key'-word of the moment.
