

It'd be stupid for me to not take advantage of that.


I got nopale breath. ????


Kanye's the most swaggest dude on this planet


I'm the most indecisive person you'll ever meet


Thinking of changing my major but don't know what too.


@username Cause music program at stc is wack, and I don't needa pay them to teach me when I can learn on my own


Got an interview at Zumies tomorrow. ????


You know I love you like good food I'm a good dude.


Tiptoeing in my chanclas


Every time I look in the mirror I imagine the nice ass body I have the potential to have if I actually committed to the gym.


Hope I do well at my interview tomorrow


Sexually frustrated


I don't believe that I was put on this earth to be ordinary.


Any barber shops open right now?


I got the most fucked up haircut ever. I just wanna c up in a ball and cry man.


Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck. This is a fucked up day.


The most fucked up part is that I'm going to have a fucked up haircut on my own birthday man!


I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy.


@username Bro this shit is worse than when I fucked up my own hair. Haha


Hopefully they call me back do this job at Zumies.


Hopefully they call me back for this job at Zumies.


Right when I leave the mall I get a call, and guess what? I got the job!


@username Thanks bro. I'm so happy if you were around I'd pick you up and kiss you on the lips. Extra homo. Hahaha


???????????? “@username: Some girl better give @username the cheeks for getting that job though.”


Getting this job made me forget about my fucked up hair, until I looked In the mirror


Lady at the salon thought I asked for the 'lebron' style haircut or some shit cause she fucked my shit… http://t.co/Yh3fFmJoMP


I like the way you work it, no diggity. I'd like to bag it up.


@username My nigga Richard 2 states away and still being my wingman aha ????


You wassup girl, ain't even gotta ask it.


My mom is making some bomb diggity enchiladas ????


@username No doubt bro. I miss your ass.


And I miss your ass too @username


You can give a women the world, and all she'd want is to post your pics of y'all together on IG


@username Belly


@username Haha no for real look it up


I don't know what it is about females. But I ain't too good at that shit.


I been listening to oldies all day bruh


I just want great sex and great company.


As the marihuana burns we can take our turns, singing them dirty rap songs.


No sheep in my wolf pack.


Everyone is screenshotting the snapchats of my fucked up head. ????


Y'all just a bunch of cyber bullies


I still want to watch the purge 2


@username I dont have any money that's why I haven't gone lol


Can't nothing bring me down.


@username Haha you don't gotta do that. I'll come up with some moneyss


@username Aww, I didn't know that. Lol alright I can't deny that. I'm down


lmaooo ???? “@username: Kids these days lol ???? #aysiaysi #tehuelelacola ???????? https://t.co/hWFYJGfFdL”


@username Lmao, this one has the proper nutrients to give you eagle powers though.


Come with me and you'll be in for a ride.


There's been a pile of close on my bed all day ????


I like the way you work it no diggity


I was tryna sneak off to mcdonalds n my lil sis caught me n I tell her I'm going to the cemetery as a cover up but she still wanted to go ????


I expected her to be scared and not wanna go, but surprisingly she did. Lol


Had to buy her mcdonalds


Girls are confusing


Can't tell me nothing x Kanye West will forever be my shit


Someone get me Kanyes Louis Vuitton collab shoes, and I'll forever be your sex slave. If you're male, we can just be homies.


Don't fuck with the angel dust


I gotta help my mom do some shit OUTSIDE. Brb gonna go melt ????


Tired as fuck


@username Happy Birthday! ????


“@username: I wanna purge!” ????


@username Maybe.. If I like the purge 2 once I watch it. Lol


I switch from twitter on my iPod to my iPhone. Pointless I know idk why


I have my headphones in and I keep thinking I'm hearing shit.


Music doesn't help me sleep anymore. Especially listening to a song named Insomniak.


You calling me fat?


I'm not awake, I'm in a lake I'll swim away with you.


I wanted to wake up early so I can get myself a breakfast taco but yeah I didn't see that happening


After party at quix's!, right infront of the Aj Walgreens on 495 and Raul longoria , 102 Maria lane sj tx


Can't enjoy my 40 ????


Come thru...


I wanna do drunk nigga shit right now cause I'm a drunk nigga


I ain't drunk enough, but just enough. If that makes any sense


Doritos on smack right now


I'm posted.


I'll make it worth it.


Mcdonalds coming In clutch right now


Ate my food too fast now i got the hiccups like a biyatch.


Think ima head to bed soon.


Cruising through the city at night blasting music can never get old.


Oh the idea Is fun


I love it when you give me head, I hate it when you give me headaches.


Never get your hopes up. Always expect the worse, and hope for the best


Ion ever waste time tryna spit game at girls cause I'm pretty sure i ain't saying nothing they ain't heard before


Always kept it real


Just wait a couple months and you gon see. You'll never find nobody better than me.


Ain't got nothing to prove, unless I gotta prove it in court.


@username That song has been stuck in my head since I first heard it. & I still be bumpin it even though I got negative Hoes. Lmao


@username It is super catchy. Haha


Whose tryna do some late night math right now? Add you & me. Subtract our clothes. Divide your legs & pray to god we don't multiply.


@username Is the closest person to be like Huntermoore on here so he gets my follow.


I can't eat hot n spicys without buffalo sauce.


Tables turn bridges burn you live and learn.


@username Beyoncé ain't the best, and jay z doesn't represent the entire male population.


Attracted to what's in your attic (mind) can we mind fuck.


Had to put that annotation for those of you who don't understand


@username I just got hired there too. Lol


The bitch I'm smashing into fashion but I know the devil wear a leopard coat.
