

Snapchat: ximefr


It's no fun but I've been here before, I'm far from home and I'm fighting your war.


It's better to feel pain, than nothing at all.


Who will love you? Who will fight?


I think I need to find a bigger place, cause when you have more than you think, you need more space.


Being an intellectual creates a lot of questions and no answers.


The way you move is a mystery...


Loving every minute cause you make me feel so alive, alive!


Everybody dance with the Peruvians https://t.co/5bsZxtVayb


It's getting hard to be around you, there's so much I can't say, do you want me to hide the feelings and look the other way.


She's up all night for good fun, I'm up all night to get lucky.


Take me to the place I love, take me all the way.


Loving you forever can't be wrong, even though you're not here, won't move on.


Hoy gana Bayern, he dicho.


Dicho y hecho.


Quiero jugar Among the Sleep ya!


In the cut, in the cut... Rolling doobies up.


Now the drugs don't work, they just make you worse, but I know I'll see your face again...


@username awwww ya pronto chulls #FinDeSemanaCool #NoVoyAEstudiar :D


@username Me voy a ir al infierno.


¡A mucha honra, Montserrat de Barreal soy! ?


And all those conversations are the secrets that I keep...


I find your lips so kissable and your kiss unmissable, your fingertips so touchable and your eyes... Irresistible.


Valley girls giving blowjobs for Louboutins, what you call that? Head over heels


BYE PIZARRO, ERES TODO UN CSM!!! TE AMO WEBONASO


GANAMOS CSM!!!!!!!!! BIEN PERU BIEEEEN PTM LLORO LLORO SE ME SALE TODOOOOO!!! BIEN CARAJOOOO LA COSA ES GANAR!! BIEEEN VAMOSS <3<3


HashtagNoSéComerComoMontse HashtagMontseNoQuierePlato


They don't know about nosotros.


Heartache doesn't last forever, I'll say I'm fine...


But now you'll never know, baby, I loved you first! #Uchala #TePelaste #PosMeMato


I'm the Scatman.


Who says we need a plane, when we can use our minds.


I'm a lover and I'm a sinner, I play my music in the sun. I'm a joker, I'm a smoker, I'm a midnight toker.


I was so happy we had met, it was the age of no regret.


ALM ase mucho no uzo Twitter xD


Just stop, you worry to much, you ain't always gotta know just why or when or what.


I want you and your beautiful souuuul.


I always put you number one in my life.


And I'm the one that jaded you!


I'm still in love with you boooy *Enciende el porrito del amor*


Doing the wrong things for all the right reasons.


I wanna be where you are.


Cool su boss eh @username @username


Me mama Earth Wind & Fire y Kool & the Gang eternamente <3


Do you really want to hurt me? Do you really want to make me cry?


I want it knowing that you're walking away.


Love is strange, when there's beauty on the inside, the outside there's nothing to change.


I know it's hurting you, but it's killing me.


Where I end and you begin.


It's you and me, it's always been, And how I feel about you there's no end.


Living is easy with eyes closed.


One Direction está en Kansas... @username TE LARGAS A BUSCARLOS AHORA MISMO!!


A heart of stone can turn to clay.


Open up your mind and you will feel it too, the sound, the touch, the thoughts, that you've been so blind to.


Dream big or don't dream at all.


I've tried to ask myself, should I see someone else? I wish I knew the aaaanswer...


And if our final day has come, let's pretend to carry oooon!


The only thing I ever wanted, was the feeling that you ain't faking.


I'd rather be good than lucky.


Fifty fifty.


Qué wonito eres :))


So don't you ever for a second get to thinking you're irreplaceable?


Quiero ver a Never shout never aunque sea muy 2011 <33


On Saturday I know that you’re coming up to see me, when I go away things will change and you’ll never know it was easy.


She don't call me one and only, she just calls me when she gets lonely, something I do gets her there so feel better and get well...


Perfect in every way, I see it in his face.


Act like I don't need her but... You, you're necessary. ????


No puedo creer que Ariana Grande sea novia de Jai Domenic <3 awwwwwwww dlahgaklsgñhslkghsaklgs


You got me right where you want me.


It's getting hard to be around you, there's so much I can't say, do you want me to hide the feelings and look the other way.


Money's a bitch that never sleeps.


I put my faith in something unknown.


So done with wishing you were still here.


When you feel so tired, but you can't sleep... Historia de mi vida.


Hoy fui a Danoninear. ????


SI AUUUUUUN TE AMOOOOOO SI AUUUUUN TE EXTRAÑOOO LOS DIAS SIN TI SON COMO MORIR, AUUUUUUUUU UH UH UH UH UUUN TE EXTRAÑO


TSEA TOY EN CHOK!


Only you can fill that space inside... #IYKWIM


Here I go again on my own going down the only road I've ever known


She's a slave to the rhythm.


Baby take me on a journey, I've been thinking lately, I could use a little time alone with you...


And he doesn't give a damn about me.


Lose yourself to dance.


Her-minion. http://t.co/QPBsEZYHjJ


ME LLEVA LA CONCHA QUE ME PARIÓ. ALGUIEN HAGAME EL FAVOR Y MÁTEME.


LARGATE ARANGO LARGATE CONCHA DE TU MADRE


TOTAL, NI QUERÍA IR A BRASIL, ESTOY MAS MISIA QUE LA CONCHA!


Every little thing he does is magic, everything he do just turns me on.


There's one life, one world, one chance and I don't wanna wait.


I hope you're not lonely without me.


If I could spend the rest of my life with my people, I would do it over and over again.


They tried to make me go to rehab but I said no no no...


@username JEJE FAV.


So wake me up when it's all over, when I'm wiser and I'm older.


I speak a different language, but I still hear your call.


Is that what devils do?


Let me live that fantasy!


Take me to the place where you go, where nobody knows if it's night or day.


No inventes.


I think I'm falling for you.
