

So make a wish, I'll make it like your birthday everyday!


I'll be your gift.


DISAPPOINTMENT IS UGLY, MORE COMING FROM YOUR FAMILY.


Love was made for movie screens.


Girlfriend, oh your girlfriend is drifting away, past and present 1855 -1901!!!


We're not 21, it's time that we had some fun.


I am my own man I make my own luck!


Two more years and you'll be done with school and I'll be making history like I do!!


I don’t care go on and tear me apart i don’t care if you do because in a sky, because in a sky full of stars I think i saw you!


UGO is a free graphic font, design with different combinations. Playing with layers and colors! Enjoy! http://t.co/sf05KebIHj


I just downloaded #Airbag-free-font by #itsmesimon. Go get it yourself at http://t.co/f5AGQnr4j2


I've just downloaded the "Le Super Serif" Typeface: 2 weights, 88 ligatures & free. by @username. http://t.co/JaPengltUM


whats wrong with me?


Franchise Animated - free animated typeface by 1 type designer and 110 animators. Get it at http://t.co/oC40PAUVBt http://t.co/ZuLvRINZAq


You distract me, but I'm distracted without you!


I see love when i close my eyes


I wish was me


@username Háblame por what's, ahora!


I was praying that u and me might end up together, it's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert.


When life is rough pray, when life is great pray #FeedyourFaith ?????


I'm going to stop waiting for the world to give me what I want, n im going to start giving it to myself ????


Sweater weather


In my spaceship I'm an alien tonight!!


you light up the room


For the people who want to see me fail!???? im gonna rock it!


I really hate doing paperwork


hate u TOEFL!


I'm taking a moment just imaginin' that I'm dancing with you..


Searching to find myself but all I find is you!


Tengo fe!!!


Crack de cracks san memo!


This is México?


Like a bird flying by on a summer breeze


You have the emotional rage of a cockroach!


I didn't choose you, my heart did.


school kills creativity


log out to reality


I'll bet she's beautiful, the girl he talks about and she's got everything that I have to love without


Tiempo sin escucha Taylor Swift!


Don't - @username ????????


I've got no plans at all to leave


Just promise me , you'll always be a friend.


I need the new album of @username in my life!????


Drew looks at me I fake a smile so he won't see that I want and I'm needin' everything that we should be!


Breakfast????????????


Wolf???? vs Cougar????


When I have a daughter, her name will be Nymphadora or Padme Alessandra!!


Really hate you!


Music to heal the soul????


If your going through hell, keep going????


i'm a mess of unfinished thoughts


Before tonight I wanna fall in love


How people fall in love in a mysterious ways, maybe just the touch of a hand


I should be sleeping


@username urge what's, necesitas ver algo


The only reason the people take your for granted is because they assume you'll always be there, prove them wrong ????


people say goodbye in their own special way


It's really good to hear your voice saying my name it sound so sweet


Maybe we have to know the darkness before we can appreciate the light


I need a pep talk


Simplicity works for me????


Lloren pinches holandeses


Since teen wolf appear in my life I'm like ????????????????????????????????????????????????


I'm just can't wait to see the next season!!


We brought an alfa


What would Machiavelli do?


Let's be mean.


@username we never will know everything about someone, the sad thing about it, is that somehow we only know about the bad things!!


Who's in their bed on their phone??????


I really want to live near from a forest!


Can we just appreciate canelo moves and beauty ????


I want a romantic nonexistent hero<3


I really enjoy the sound of the rain.


I can't sleep!!!


No one how much to say in this town!


@username wish you all the luck!


Go Germanyyyyy!! #GER #ger #WorldCupFinal


I told you #GER


I'm really soooo happy #GER they deserve it!!!!


Can't wait to see you @username @username all people should see it! ????


Who's exited? ???????????????????? @username


I have a seriously problem with the twins carver????


It's not right but it's OK


I shut my eyes, and the music broke over me like a rainstorm


A heart full of love


If he ask, I'll be his


This- @username ????????


I feel something so wrong do it the right thing


@username where R U? ????


To be beautiful means to be yourself


As long as you're happy who the hell cares"


Good Nites?


In the end it doesn't even matter


Mumford & Sons - I Will Wait: http://t.co/pt71E8sT7z ????


In the land of Mordor...


My brother just woke up to say me: let us get out cause he won't know where we are ????


I hope he's talking about santa????


and now he's sleeping like a baby and I'm like this ---> ????


mummy do me space in ur bed!! ????


@username I'm afraid about what he said!!!!
