

My bitch stay my bitch so don't look she keep that pussy tucked.


I ate shit tryna dunk playing ball earlier. It's cool though I'm still a mufucking balla fur real.


I wanna start work at Zumies already.


I'm such a savage lol


I'm horngry.


Barely going to bed


Ayeee, I start work today!


First day of work today. Kinda nervous but mostly excited.


@username Ahh are you ready? Lol


@username Yeah it's gonna be just us two today too. Haha she seems pretty cool though.


@username How many hours did they say they'd be able to offer you as you start up?


@username Oh I see. I got a closing shift today. Haha I think they start us with like 4-8 hours and give us more the more sales we make.


@username I go in at 5. Do you know what time they close? Lol


@username And what time does it open?


@username Oh that's not too bad at all actually Haha.


Not to toot my own horn or anything but i look fly as fuck today. ????


Everything in life comes with a price.


The sun ain't gotta keep it ???? no more man. We know you's a real nigga bruh chill.


Going into work... Wish me luck. ????


Work was chill.


My coworker was surprised that I don't have a girlfriend because im half black and apparently I have an advantage here in the valley lol


Ladies is that true?


Born sinner, the opposite of a winner


My manager told me to make a playlist on my iPod to play music at work. I'm bouta have Zumies bumpin ????


@username Yesterday was my first day.


@username thanks bro. & I think they're still hiring. I'm not too sure


@username Haha I don't even know how to fully functionalize the register yet. Este vato no manches lmao


@username Haha I'm just messing with you. I don't even know how much my discount is I forgot to ask.


Got home from work and I knocked the fuck out


Holy shit dude 4 more days till my birthhhday.


A friend with weed is a friend indeed.


Hip hop, indie, and alternative rock makes up most of my iTunes library.


If you ain't gonna play your music loud then why play it all all?


My phone is dead but I have my iPod on blue tooth but there's wifi so cool


Hakuna Mafuckit... What a wonderful phrase.


A very good day indeed.


Tonight was funny as fuck.


The peace sign is just the trigger and the middle finger


My birthday is this weekend. The fact I'm turning 20 is so surreal.


Close my eyes and fall into, you.


And if god was a human it'd be yours truly.


Please reap what you sow nigga


Call you beautiful like if it was your name.


My whole fucking life is a science experiment.


I don't need nobody i would love somebody though.


Just a friendly reminder, my birthday is in two days. On Sunday. Ima just leave these here... http://t.co/fhGYwUARxE


Those shoes are so crispy. ????????


@username How'd u know I was listening to that?


Been that nigga sitting in hell in fresh ass clothes.


@username Eagle powers?


Niggas think I'm living life paranoid, Muthafuck. That. Mayne.


Oh they got me twisted they don't know that boii.


Muthafuck. That. Mayne


“@username: Bby you deserve the whole entomatada”


I want there to be a thunderstorm.


I don't feel to good and I got work in an hour


What to do tonight...


I hope they don't call me into work today.


Tryna possibly catch a movie tonight.


It's my birthday bitch!!


@username Haha thanks bro!


@username Thanks bro I appreciate it!


@username Heeey, we have the same birthday! Lol happy birthday! ????


“@username: Happy birthday @username ??????????” thanks. ????


“@username: Happy birthday @username. Stay blessed!” Thanks!


I just seen people getting ran over on some GTAV shit.


@username Thanks bro.


“@username: @username Happy Birthday bro, hope you have a good one! #cloverandadream” Thanks man!


“@username: @username happy burfday” thanks man


I always see some crazy shit on my birthday.


We got a pool and nobody's swimming


If you have my number, call me. I appreciate voice calls more than a text.


The night is still young. And it's my birthday anything can go down


There's a full moon out. It looks nice as fuck


I need a hair cut


Today feels like any other day. Don't even feel like my birthday


Almost getting ran over last night was a hell of a way to start off my birthday.


Another birthday has come and gone.


@username Thanks. (:


My thoughts keep me up at night


My mind runs, I can never catch it even if I got a head start.


Good at pushing people away


Work


My manager let me pick out and bought me a pair of pants and a fresh ass shirt for my birthday. ????


Sexy girl cops are so sexy to me I'd wife one down why lie.


Well not a cop, more like a detective.


I'm watching this show called Continuum, and it is sick as fuck


IM GETTING CHICKEN FRIES TOMMOROW


There's supposed to be a meteor shower tonight


I'm tryna see meteors my brother and mom claimed they just seen some


I never would have though that.. Feelings would get thrown In the air.. Cause i accidentally caught that


I'm trapped inside this head of mine. Just tryna get some peace of mind.


My mom asked if I wanted whataburger earlier and I said no, but now I'm wishing I would've said yes. ????


Pizza whataburger and ice cream on my mind rn


I miss in n out


I don't like to talk about my feelings to, too much people. Only a select few get insight too my mind


A females mind intrigues me more than her body.


My fucking brother changed my profile pic and I just noticed lol


I bet y'all noticed and none of you bothered to tell me. Lol assholes


Sorry Nigga I'm Tryna Come Home
