

Im tired and bored


IM HUNGRY


@username yeah i'll be all biting my nails when to judges judge you and throw stuff at my bro when he talks


@username Thats not true you have a really good voice


@username hahaha i know its his b-day in london but not here :( and why'd you reply it here?


HAPPY BDAY NIALL!! Love from one of your biggest fans. Hope i get to meet you. So how is your day so far? Great i suppose @username


When someone calls me pretty me : Ha! no im ugly!!


recently told by the guy i like he might ask out my best friend :( but on the bright side knowing her she wont say yes cause shes her


@username yeah tht be a good idea


@username @username haha course you do why am i not surprised


Ug boys why are they soo complicated


When you notice that someone unfollowed you.. well ex-use me!!


when louis barfed me: LOUIIIISS My babby are you okay? *Leaning into to laptop*


enemy likes something Me: no i aint liking tht Louis likes the same think Me: *clicks like button*


:( My headphones just broke :( they were really good then all the sudden they just stopped :( #Dammit


My cuz was like i know why you have a bunch a pics of louis im like why shes like cuz you like him and i was all NOOOOO #noshitsherlock


My cuz " all i want for x-mas is my 2 weenies, my 2 weenies" Me : OMG!!! I THOUGHT I WAS BAD!! #Perv


haha lol watching this while doing my homework coudn't stop laughing http://t.co/zFR2Ue6prF @username


Im bored and tired and hungry go life


gonna go watch tv now cause i want to :P


Going to church @username 5 the service doesnt start till 6:30 but i volenteer sooo yeah


Just got back from church soaking wet (they had a giant bubble pit) Oh Eastlake Church the only church that has kids going home wet


When u like him but then he tells u he likes ur best freind :( life sucks at least i got @username Follow me Louis and make me smile


Missing tht person when the entire time when there right in front off you , i miss her cause shes not my friend no more not cause shes gone


"while im wide awake shes no trouble sleeping cause when a heart breaks no it dont break even" - @username


I love you @username Follow me please? yeah i failed but im not much of a Photoshop expert Hope you see it! http://t.co/FCuXzR4XdB


im going to find out who all the ppl that unfollowed me were and unfollow them back!


Have a bf now as of today but as i got home i started thinking am i really ready for this? Everyone told me bad things about him ,should i?


you know how i posted about a bf well we kinda put a pause on the relationship because it was 2 akward


ugg life is compilcated right now no time for twitter


lol just had to put a dirty cup and a hair brush away i put the cup in the bathroom and the brush in the sink #epicfail


i hate it when ppl say they had a blonde moment and im right there its like uhum whats that supossed to me *cough cough* @username


@username yeah you got tht last part right


@username hahaha not just tht i can imagine what goes through ur head " Today im going to randomly glue paper to kelsey's arm"


@username yeah i have proof @username didnt petra glue a bunch a paper on my arm in bio


@username @username yeah joesph the guy sit next to REMEMBER..


@username @username see we didnt get to do the debate in bio so i do a debate against you and i won !


@username @username in what SPANISH!! :P


Eat Sleep Swim thts my life


there was DJ at my school today andso me and my freinds were the first ones who started dancing and the last to stop :P i looove dancing


Are you serious got my report card today and my parents gave me a lecture cause i got 1 B the rest are all A's stupid parents


hahaha me and louis got married today @username your my husband now :P http://t.co/iNLxqQBMnH


DO THE HUSTLE!! tht moment when i was the  of attention YEAH #popular


@username yeah but i couldnt put it on twitter :(


I lost 3 followers recently and i know who they are thanks to http://t.co/AnGdGTF7Te


"A bird only flies. It does not turn to another bird and ask, am I doing this right?" - Mary Anne Radmacher


When ur in the middle of texting someone a long message and then they say bye so you have to erase everything to say bye


OMG IM SO HUNGRY BUT THERES NOTHING TO EAT


Have a 4.0 GPA! HARVARD HERE I COME!!


1D's new leaked song Diana couldnt they have done one called kelsey!!


@username you leaked Just Cant Let Her Go and Diana why cant you just leak the entire album?


my followers were growing fast and then when i hit 200 ive had 207 followers for an entire week WHAT HAPPENED!!


I just found and unfollowed all my fake followings thanks to http://t.co/AnGdGTF7Te awesome app


I thought all i needed was forgivness then i got it.. i still need more


people say eww 1D all they talk about is girls and love but no Diana is about depressed sucidal fans. They care about there fans.


who wants to see nialls bum http://t.co/rqD7hRrOkd


Thts amazing!! I wonder if my dog could do tht!! http://t.co/TF85fhhWY1 #awesome


GOOD NIGHT!!!


for all of those ppl who have unfollowed me i will now take back the follow i gave you in return of following me


Fun Fact : its annoying that some people think facts are fun


see being freinds with yourself on facebook is great to help you with games :P


Teachers cause bladder infections because they don't let kids go to the bathroom


why im glad i only have brothers : my parents feel bad for me soo i got my own bathroom :P :) #icantakeaslongasiwant


@username OMG YOUR ON!! Liam i really do love you guys alot, it would mean the world to me if you would follow me!!! Please!!


@username Liam!! I really love you and all of the band and it would mean the world to me if you would follow me! Please Liam ily


@username thats how we know you care for your fans yet you do it with humor and thats why i love you Please follow me !!


@username hope you read this ,hope you notice me, hope those crazy girls leave the snake area and i also hope that you'd follow me


@username DO I HAVE YOUR ATTENTION!!! I Love all of you and it would mean the world to me if you followed me! Please notice me !


@username Thats how we know you care about your fans but then it makes me crack up cause ur just so funny ily please follow me!!


@username ily ALOT and my dream is to be a lawyer and my other dream is to be followed by you we can make both of these true!!


@username you and that tweet are PER-FECT and a follow from you will also be... follow me please??


Close to 300 followers now!! Thank you @username !!


@username really wish youd notice me but we all know thts not possible if you do follow me though well then youd turn my world around


@username ily i dont really know if you love me you dont really pay attention to me. I just hope id get a follow from you. :(


@username please follow me its all i want


@username i keep tweeting you cause i want you to notice me i want you to follow me thts it nothing else just for you to follow me


Alright guys sorry for all the posts to liam now your probably annoyed by them but a girl gotta do what a girl gotta do but im done!


Good night you guys im done with the computer for today more tweets tommorow (not to liam dont worry) #sleepwell


Close to 300 followers!! Thank you eveyone soo much


that moment when your chatting on FB and you wanted to write how but you wrote hoe instead


studing for the SATs if i want to get into harvard i better start now


My cousin is the most annoying one in the world http://t.co/X6UiemK0I8


Im officially married to louis cause it says so on facebook :P


qwertyuiop asdfghjkl zxcvbnm What idiot decided to put the letters on the keyboard in this order? why not just abcd...


Answering the same letter three times or more in a row on a Scantron test is absolutely petrifying.


Whenever someone says “I’m not book smart, but I’m street smart”, all I hear is “I’m not real smart, but I’m imaginary smart”.


MapQuest really needs to start their directions on #5. Pretty sure I know how to get out of my neighborhood.


I find it hard to believe there are actually people who get in the shower first and THEN turn on the water.


There’s no worse feeling than that millisecond you’re sure you are going to die after leaning your chair back a little too far.


Why is vanilla ice cream white when vanilla extract is brown?


I love in horror movies how the person yells out “hello?!” as if the killer is gonna say “yeah I’m in the kitchen, want a sandwich?”


I wish I loved anything as much as rappers love female dogs and gardening tools


I have officially bought the first batch of Halloween candies that will NOT make it to Halloween.#ilovecandy


Repeat after me: it doesn't matter how big the problem is posting it on facebook wont solve it.


If you look up "one" on google images one of the first few pics is One Direction


I voted for Best Song Ever to make the #TeenNickTop10 countdown. Vote now! http://t.co/FcjhMItgeq


going to yosemite tommorow packing up ugg then i have to go thru a 7 hour drive #bordum


If the president were gay, would his husband be the first man?


If you were a genie and a person asked you this wish, "I wish you would not grant me this wish" what would you do?


Do movie producers still say lights, camera, and action when it is a dark scene?
